bin/cloudflare_worker/README.md, before:

# Conductor (WASM) for CloudFlare Workers

## Note on building for macos users

If you ran `cargo install -q worker-build && worker-build --release`, and faced something similar to the following error on macos:

```sh
  ...
  exit status: 1
  cargo:warning=ToolExecError: Command "clang" "-O3" "-ffunction-sections" "-fdata-sections" "-fPIC" "--target=wasm32-unknown-unknown" "-I" "wasm-shim/" "-I" "zstd/lib/" "-I" "zstd/lib/common" "-fvisibility=hidden" "-DXXH_STATIC_ASSERT=0" "-DZSTD_LIB_DEPRECATED=0" "-DXXH_PRIVATE_API=" "-DZSTDLIB_VISIBILITY=" "-DZSTDERRORLIB_VISIBILITY=" "-o" "/.../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/build/zstd-sys-082f2962e2331fc1/out/zstd/lib/compress/zstd_ldm.o" "-c" "zstd/lib/compress/zstd_ldm.c" with args "clang" did not execute successfully (status code exit status: 1).
  exit status: 1
Error: wasm-pack exited with status exit status: 1
```

Then, follow the below steps:

```sh
  export LDFLAGS="-L/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/lib"
  export CPPFLAGS="-I/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/include"
  export PATH="/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin:$PATH"
brew install llvm
```

And retry again, it should be resolved!

Commit message:

otel traces plugin
fixes for endpoint filter

ok

fix stuff

ok

ok

ok

ok we have all info and bring back endpoint filter

ok let's see now

ok error handler now

typo

ok

ok getting there with the config

fix

otlp for wasm

ok wasm reporting is also accurate now

ok it works

improvements for datadog

ok

better error handling and reporting to otel of graphql errors

ok

ok

rename plugin

allow to customize service name
allow to customize all batch configs

ok getting there

fix test

bin/cloudflare_worker/README.md, after:

# Conductor (WASM) for CloudFlare Workers

## Running Locally

1. Ensure you have NodeJS (>=18), `pnpm` (8).
2. Install NodeJS dependencies by using: `pnpm install`
3. Run `pnpm dev`

> The default `dev` script is using the `test_config/worker.yaml` configuration from the root of this repository.

## Build

### Note on building for MacOS users

If you ran `cargo install -q worker-build && worker-build --release`, and faced something similar to the following error on macos:

```sh
  ...
  exit status: 1
  cargo:warning=ToolExecError: Command "clang" "-O3" "-ffunction-sections" "-fdata-sections" "-fPIC" "--target=wasm32-unknown-unknown" "-I" "wasm-shim/" "-I" "zstd/lib/" "-I" "zstd/lib/common" "-fvisibility=hidden" "-DXXH_STATIC_ASSERT=0" "-DZSTD_LIB_DEPRECATED=0" "-DXXH_PRIVATE_API=" "-DZSTDLIB_VISIBILITY=" "-DZSTDERRORLIB_VISIBILITY=" "-o" "/.../target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/build/zstd-sys-082f2962e2331fc1/out/zstd/lib/compress/zstd_ldm.o" "-c" "zstd/lib/compress/zstd_ldm.c" with args "clang" did not execute successfully (status code exit status: 1).
  exit status: 1
Error: wasm-pack exited with status exit status: 1
```

Then, follow the below steps:

1. Install LLVM: `brew install llvm`
1. Configure your env to use the following vars:

```sh
export LDFLAGS="-L/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/lib"
export CPPFLAGS="-I/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/include"
export PATH="/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin:$PATH"
```
